“Ten spears go to battle, and nine shatter. Did the war forge the one that remained? No, all the war did was identify the spear that would not break.”

“For us, the storm has passed… the war is over. But let us never forget those who journeyed into the howling darkness and did not return. For their decision required courage beyond measure ; sacrifice, and unshakeable conviction that their fight… our fight, was elsewhere. As we start to rebuild, this hillside will remain barren, a memorial to heroes fallen. They ennobled all of us, and they shall not be forgotten.”

“If my life is going to mean anything, I have to live it myself.”

“Life is only precious because it ends.”

“We work in the dark, to serve the light. We are assassins.”

“Life happens wherever you are, whether you make it or not.”

"Pride is not the opposite of shame, but its source. True humility is the only antidote to shame."

"He who fights monsters should see to it that he himself does not become a monster. And if you gaze for long into an abyss, the abyss gazes also into you."

“We impose order on the chaos of organic evolution. You exist because we allow it, and you will end because we demand it."

“We have arrived, and it is now that we perform our charge. In fealty to the God-Emperor, our undying Lord, and by the grace of the Golden Throne, I declare Exterminatus upon the Imperial world of Typhon Primaris. I hereby sign the death warrant of a world and consign a million souls to oblivion. May Imperial Justice account in all balance. The Emperor protects.”

“And I looked, and behold a pale horse: and his name that sat on him was Death, and Hell followed with him. And power was given unto them over the fourth part of the earth, to kill with sword, and with hunger, and with death, and with the beasts of the earth.”

"Stand in the ashes of a trillion dead souls and ask the ghosts if honor matters. Their silence is the answer."

"The nitrogen in our DNA, the calcium in our teeth, the iron in our blood, the carbon in our apple pies were made in the interiors of collapsing stars. We are made of starstuff."

"They killed the best of us, so they are stuck with the worst of us."

"So long as you refuse to obey, you are human."

"Seize the day. Because, believe it or not, each and every one of us in this room is one day going to stop breathing."

“We don’t read and write poetry because it’s cute. We read and write poetry because we are members of the human race. And the human race is filled with passion. Medicine, law, business, engineering - these are noble pursuits and necessary to sustain life. But poetry, beauty, romance, love, these are what we stay alive for.”
